# Warp Migration Tool

Warp Migration Tool can be used to migrate a source PostgreSQL database (cloud, on-premises) to PostgreSQL PaaS offering on Azure - including Flexible Server, Single Server and Hyperscale (Citus). The tool is a large-scale command-line data migration capability which allows for effective and fast big data migrations. This tool takes care of synchronizing pre-existing changes in the source and destination data and tracks any updates, it is able to do this by taking advantage of the use of WAL (Write-ahead logging) to achieve reliable and stateless replication of data. PostgreSQL provides infrastructure to stream the modifications performed via SQL to external consumers. This functionality can be used for a variety of purposes, including replication solutions and auditing. Changes are sent out in streams identified by logical replication slots. Each stream outputs each change exactly once. The format in which those changes are streamed is determined by the output plugin used. An example plugin is provided in the PostgreSQL distribution. Additional plugins can be written to extend the choice of available formats without modifying any core code. Every output plugin has access to each individual new row produced by INSERT and the new row version created by UPDATE. Availability of old row versions for UPDATE and DELETE depends on the configured replica identity Citus Warp is a logical migration tool that helps migrate from Postgres to all deployment options in the Azure Database for Postgres family. Citus Warp uses logical decoding capabilities in Postgres to keep the target in full sync with the source. Underneath the covers, Warp migration uses two important building blocks: 1. Logical stream of modifications to your database 2. Making a database backup at a specific snapshot (point in the replication stream) Thereby, it keeps the target database in full sync with the source database to enable near-zero downtime migrations into Azure Database for Postgres.

