ora2pg-install/README.md, before:

# Ora2Pg Client Installer

Ora2Pg is the most popular tool for converting / migrating Oracle database to PostgreSQL. Ora2Pg isn't a single tool that you can just download, install, and use, which is a bummer.

There are many articles and videos detailing the procedure and offering fixes for the numerous conversion problems for people who work in the Linux community. But Windows users are not that lucky.

These full installers are created to help new users to quickly install and use the tool.

## Target Audience

If you are a Windows (10 and above), Ubuntu, RHL or MacOS user and want to use Ora2pg for assessment and conversion of Oracle database objects to PostgreSQL.

> **NOTE** Only Oracle assessment has been tested on the available platforms. End-to-end conversion and data migrations have not been tested with this installer. There may be some components which are missing or do not work as expected on either of the platforms.

## Windows Installer

[Ora2Pg Client Installer for Windows 10 & above](Windows)

## Ubuntu Installer

[Ora2Pg Client Installer for Ubuntu 18 & above](Ubuntu)

## Red Hat Linux Installer

[Ora2Pg Client Installer for RHEL/CentOS](RHEL)

## MacOS Installer

Coming next...

Commit message:

updated documentation to add Ora2Pg licensing details

ora2pg-install/README.md, after:

# Ora2Pg Client Installer

[Ora2Pg](https://ora2pg.darold.net) is the most popular tool for converting / migrating Oracle database to PostgreSQL. Ora2Pg isn't a single tool that you can just download, install, and use, which is a bummer.

There are many articles and videos detailing the procedure and offering fixes for the numerous conversion problems for people who work in the Linux community. But Windows users are not that lucky.

These full installers are created to help new users to quickly install and use the tool.

> **NOTE** Refer [Ora2Pg : Migrates Oracle to PostgreSQL (darold.net)](https://ora2pg.darold.net/license.html) for Ora2pg licensing agreement

## Target Audience

If you are a Windows (10 and above), Ubuntu or RHEL user and want to use Ora2pg for assessment and conversion of Oracle database objects to PostgreSQL.

> **NOTE** Only Oracle assessment has been tested on the available platforms. End-to-end conversion and data migrations have not been tested with this installer. There may be some components which are missing or do not work as expected on either of the platforms.

## Windows Installer

[Ora2Pg Client Installer for Windows 10 & above](Windows)

## Ubuntu Installer

[Ora2Pg Client Installer for Ubuntu 18 & above](Ubuntu)

## Red Hat Linux Installer

[Ora2Pg Client Installer for RHEL/CentOS](RHEL)
